okay guys i'm i'm going to show you my
baseball card collection that i have
been collecting for about three or four
years now i have a lot of heavy hitters
and i'll show you the pictures okay the
first group I have the Mariano Rivera
cart and top left which is part of a
ticket card in the top right I have a
Jeff Kent Jersey bottom right Jason Lane
Jersey in the bottom left I have a
Preston Wilson Jersey okay now my
favorite set which is the Eddie Matthews
1965 card and practically perfect
condition I say oh the PSA PSA eight but
you could easily sell it if it was
graded and with if it was a PSA eight
492 150 bucks next to him on the right
is richie ashburn card from 1960 and it
is a good twenty dollars bottom left
hand corner Ty Cobb fleer card 1960
which i believe is like 60 bucks or
something and the bottom right which is
a Phillies card from 59 as Ben edges but
it's pretty good it uh I think it ranges
around like 50 to 80 but the engines are
cut or the edges are Kandra roughed up
so doesn't go to its full price but it's
a good nice thing to have so where's my
baseball cards and I hope you enjoyed
them ok guys for my third batch we have
the Colorado Rockies a quad card in top
left which is two pieces of jerseys
and two bats in the bottom left we have
a Prince Fielder drizzy card next to him
and the bottom right we have a quarry
koski Jersey and not in the top right we
have a Carlos League Jersey and the one
off to the far right is a mic Loretta
back card okay so for my fourth batch of
cards I have the Ralph Kiner up in the
top left next to him is Gary Matthews um
the Ralph Kiner by the way is 1960 and
the Gary Matthews is a 76 next to him is
an Eddie Murray card which is 79 on the
bottom left I the two together they're
both 1970 American League pitching
leaders and strikeout leaders those are
the two on the left side bottom row and
they're pretty good with they are for
the pitching leaders Mike sealer Dave
McNally and Jim Perry and for the
strikeout leaders i have sam mcdowell
Michiel ulch and Bob Johnson and on the
far right I have a yogi berra card
manager for the New York Mets that's a
really good card it's a from 1973 not
one it's not worth a lot but it can be
really good if you're gonna correct a
collector of Yogi Berra and now I'm
going on to my fifth batch of cards the
one on the far left is a Joe tanker
matching safety card to the right of
that is the 59 dick Farrell card for the
Phillies next to him is dick Hall for
the Phillies which is a
1968 on the far right is a johnny evers
1960 um then on the bottom right I have
lefty Grove 1960 and next to him I have
a Chase Utley autograph rookie card
which is really good okay my final batch
of cards which we start on the top row
left to right we have a Clyde King
manager card and I'll get back to you on
that one we have a Charlie Gehringer
card from 1960 and a Paul derringer card
from 1960 Boyd runner card from 1960 and
then a Paul Blair 1970 I think I forget
um no yeah 1971 now to get back to the
cloud king manager card that's a 69 tops
one all right second row left to right
is pie traynor 1960 rube Waddell 1960
jim bottomley 1960 Cleon James which is
actually a 1972 and on the far right the
second section is in 1977 leading
fireman which has Rollie Fingers and
Bill Campbell on it now the bottom left
starting on the left on the bottom row
which is an alley brown card excuse me
which was from 1975 next to him is Harry
heilmann 1960 Bruce caisson rookie card
1972 next to that is Danny Jackson
autograph card I don't know how I came
up with that it's not very good but
it's in good condition and to top it off
I have the nineteen seventy one rookie
stars with Jim Dunagan and ro Skidmore
by the way if you wanna if you're
interested in any of these cards or want
to ask some questions just message me or
comment on this video if you have any
questions at all price graded anything
um I don't do I don't do personal
greetings but I could probably tell you
how much it could be worth if you have
any questions about your cards just send
me a message if you're interested in
getting the card like buying it from me
send me a personal message or you can
reach my email address which my personal
one that's on the home page of my
youtube account so I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and good luck
collecting